Mom and Dad
Yaoyao is also dawn
We see something
Yaoyao can really see
Then daddy will take you anywhere you want to see
Okay? Okay?
Linlan
Thank you for taking care of us during this time.
I owe you a favor for this matter
I will pay you back later.
Lin Lan, I know we're divorced.
You should too.
Go live your life
Chu Yang, you really misunderstood me
I have never changed my mind
I only love you
My dad wants you and Yaoyao to threaten me
Forced me to take over the hearts
I really don't like anyone else.
That's it.
Chu Yang, I know I owe you and Yaoyao
But please give me a chance
Let me stay with you, okay?
Yaoyao doesn't want her parents to be separated
I want to be with my parents forever
OK